lib/promscrape: respect `0` value for `series_limit` param (#5663)
VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics: docs/CHANGELOG.md

* BUGFIX: [vmagent](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/vmagent.html): exit if there is config syntax error in [`scrape_config_files`](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/vmagent.html#loading-scrape-configs-from-multiple-files) when `-promscrape.config.strictParse=true`. See [this issue](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/5508).
* BUGFIX: [vmagent](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/vmagent.html): properly discover targets for `role: endpoints` and `role: endpointslice` in [kubernetes_sd_configs](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/sd_configs.html#kubernetes_sd_configs). Previously some `endpoints` and `endpointslice` targets could be left undiscovered or some targets could have missing `__meta_*` labels when performing service discovery in busy Kubernetes clusters with large number of pods. See [this pull request](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/pull/5557).

> * BUGFIX: [vmagent](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/vmagent.html): respect `0` value for `series_limit` param in [scrape_config](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/sd_configs.html#scrape_configs) even if global limit was set via `-promscrape.seriesLimitPerTarget`. Previously, `0` value will be ignored in favor of `-promscrape.seriesLimitPerTarget`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* BUGFIX: [vmagent](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/vmagent.html): respect explicitly set `series_limit: 0` in [scrape_config](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/sd_configs.html#scrape_configs). This allows removing [`series_limit` restriction](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/vmagent.html#cardinality-limiter) on a per-`scrape_config` basis when global limit is set via `-promscrape.seriesLimitPerTarget`. Previously, `0` value was ignored in favor of `-promscrape.seriesLimitPerTarget`.
```
